This is how you deploy Django applications to Heroku.


1. Ensure you have a (free) Heroku account, and can remember the
password. This can be done by simply signing up at the website.

2. Install the Heroku CLI
    - macOS:
        - Use Homebrew: brew install heroku/brew/heroku
    - Ubuntu Linux:
        - Go to the Software Center, search for Heroku, and install

3. Go to the directory of your Django project

4. Ensure your Django project has a Procfile (see the
5.3/activities/minidjango example) - this tells Heroku which file is the
main "entry point" to your server, in other words, which file to run to
kick everything off.

5. Ensure your Django project has a Pipfile - again, see the mindjango
example. If you have been using pipenv, you should be good to go on this
front.

6. IMPORTANT: Your project MUST be in a git repository. You can either
do this the normal way by going to GitHub and creating a new repo, then
cloning that, OR you can use the "git init" command to make a local-only
repo. However you do it, Heroku absolutely requires your project to be
in a single git repo, such that the Procfile, Pipfile, and manage.py are
all at the "top level" next to README.md and .git, etc.

7. Login to Heroku (should only have to do this once):
    - heroku login

8. Create a new Heroku Application on your account for your project
    - heroku create

9. If all went well... you are good to go! Deploy your app to Heroku:
    - git push heroku master

If it's working, you should see text like "Python app detected", then
after a 30 seconds or so, something like:
remote: -----> Launching...
remote:        Released v4
remote:        https://secure-lake-12038.herokuapp.com/ deployed to

That strange URL "secure-lake-12038" will be a different combo of random
words and numbers for you, but will be the URL of your new app! Click on
that link or copy and paste it into your browser to see your application
live for the world to see.

As you work on your project, after every change that you want to test on
Heroku, make a commit and then repeat step 9 (git push heroku master).

